[FEATURE] Add if() expression support to ExpressionBuilder (#4649)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Database/ExpressionBuilder/Index.rst

    :language: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/Domain/Repository/MyTableRepository.php

..  _database-expression-builder-if:

:php:`ExpressionBuilder::if()`
------------------------------

..  versionadded:: 13.3

..  include:: _ExpressionBuilderIf.rst.txt

> This method enables to phrase "if-then-else" expressions. Those are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is used for "if-then-else" expressions. These are
```

translated into :sql:`IF` or :sql:`CASE` statements depending on the

> used database engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database engine in use.
```

..  warning::
    No automatic quoting or escaping is done for the condition and true/false
    part. Extension authors need to ensure proper quoting for each part or use

>     API calls doing the quoting, for example the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    API calls for doing the quoting, for example the
```
